DOCS-11058 added changes for deploying a proxy (#379)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/enable-https-mule3-proxies.adoc

Enable HTTPS in Mule 3 API Proxies
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: proxy, api, auto-generated, https

> You must enable HTTPS in your Mule 3.x API proxies to enhance the privacy and protection of your APIs. HTTPS ensures that a client is communicating with the real API and receiving back authentic contents.

Reviewer: To avoid the modal verb "must," per style ref. Also, "receiving back" is redundant:
```suggestion
Enable HTTPS in your Mule 3.x API proxies to enhance the privacy and protection of your APIs. HTTPS ensures that a client is communicating with the real API and receiving authentic contents.
```

modal verbs
Reword to avoid using modal verbs (a kind of verb used in combination with another verb):

can
may
might
must
ought to
need to
have to
should
could
They have multiple meanings that create ambiguity. They also make content hard to localize because many languages have no equivalent to modal verbs.

To explore a variety of rewording strategies, visit the Salesforce page modal verbs.

Author: Done! Thanks!

To enable your proxy application to support HTTPS requests:

. From API Manager, xref:download-proxy-task.adoc[download] and xref:proxy-latest-concept.adoc[deploy] an API proxy.
. From Anypoint Studio, add a xref:4.3@mule-runtime::tls-configuration#use-anypoint-studio-to-configure-tls.adoc[keystore (SSL certificate)] to your API proxy (API gateway).
. xref:7.9@studio::import-export-packages.adoc[Export] the modified proxy.
. In Runtime Manager, search for your proxy application. 

> . From *Settings*, select *Upload File* in the *Choose File* menu and select the proxy that you created in the previous step of this procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From *Settings*, select *Upload File* in the *Choose File* menu and select the proxy that you modified in Step 3.
```
OR
```suggestion
. From *Settings*, select *Upload File* in the *Choose File* menu and select your modified proxy.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
